README.md, before:

# React + TypeScript + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react/README.md) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend updating the configuration to enable type aware lint rules:

- Configure the top-level `parserOptions` property like this:

```js
export default {
  // other rules...
  parserOptions: {
    ecmaVersion: 'latest',
    sourceType: 'module',
    project: ['./tsconfig.json', './tsconfig.node.json'],
    tsconfigRootDir: __dirname,
  },
}
```

- Replace `plugin:@typescript-eslint/recommended` to `plugin:@typescript-eslint/recommended-type-checked` or `plugin:@typescript-eslint/strict-type-checked`
- Optionally add `plugin:@typescript-eslint/stylistic-type-checked`
- Install [eslint-plugin-react](https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-react) and add `plugin:react/recommended` & `plugin:react/jsx-runtime` to the `extends` list

Commit message:

Change Readme file with my personal information

README.md, after:

# Laia Navalón Arxé - Developer Portfolio

My own Fullstack Developer Portfolio. This web-app includes all the Commercial and Personal works I have done so far.

This project has served as an excuse to practice Typescript and implement it with React, and I have taken the chance to develop new tools and features I hadn't worked with in my coding journey so far.

<!-- URLs examples

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react/README.md)
- [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) -->

## Let's work together!

If you're looking for a dedicated developer or want to connect, feel free to reach out!

- [Email](mailto:laianavalon@gmail.com)
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/laianavalonarxe/)
- [Whatsapp](https://api.whatsapp.com/send/?phone=34620182796)

<!-- - Configure the top-level `parserOptions` property like this:

```js
export default {
  // other rules...
  parserOptions: {
    ecmaVersion: "latest",
    sourceType: "module",
    project: ["./tsconfig.json", "./tsconfig.node.json"],
    tsconfigRootDir: __dirname,
  },
};
```

- Replace `plugin:@typescript-eslint/recommended` to `plugin:@typescript-eslint/recommended-type-checked` or `plugin:@typescript-eslint/strict-type-checked`
- Optionally add `plugin:@typescript-eslint/stylistic-type-checked`
- Install [eslint-plugin-react](https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-react) and add `plugin:react/recommended` & `plugin:react/jsx-runtime` to the `extends` list -->
